README.md, before:

# Winsubplay

A basic
[playbook](http://docs.ansible.com/ansible/playbooks.html "Playbooks documentation.")
that performs some simple setups for a Ubuntu
*(particularly
[Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/commandline/wsl/about "About Bash on Ubuntu on Windows")
, thus the repository name)*
system.

- **Bash**: Go to a preferred directory (e.g. workspace inside mounted Windows directory) with `cdhome`.
- **Vim**: Configure colorscheme.
- **Git**: Configure user email and name, set the editor to `vim`.
- **Python**: Install `pip`.
- **Node.js**: Install `nvm` and provision `~/.npmrc`.
  - `--no-use` is used when loading `nvm` to reduce startup time, run `nvm use` before using `node`, `npm` or `yarn`.
- **AWS**: Install AWS CLI, provision `~/.aws/credentials` and `~/.aws/config`.

## Prerequisites

1. [Prepare SSH keys](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/SSH/OpenSSH/Keys "Ubuntu documentation on SSH.").

2. Install
[Ansible](http://docs.ansible.com/ansible/intro_installation.html "Ansible documentation on installation.") 2.3.

3. Install Git and clone this repository.

## How to Use

1. Copy `config.example/` into `config/` and update the files accordingly.

2. Run:
    ```
    $ ansible-playbook winsubplay.yml -i hosts --ask-become-pass
    ```
   There will be prompt for sudo password.

3. Restart shell or `source ~/.bashrc`.

Commit message:

Add Docker for Windows binary to PATH and create an alias for docker.exe.

README.md, after:

# Winsubplay

A basic
[playbook](http://docs.ansible.com/ansible/playbooks.html "Playbooks documentation.")
that performs some simple setups for a Ubuntu
*(particularly
[Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/commandline/wsl/about "About Bash on Ubuntu on Windows")
, thus the repository name)*
system.

- **Bash**: Go to a preferred directory (e.g. workspace inside mounted Windows directory) with `cdhome`.
- **Vim**: Configure colorscheme.
- **Git**: Configure user email and name, set the editor to `vim`.
- **Docker**: Configure environment to use Docker for Windows (requires Windows 10 Creators Update).
- **Python**: Install `pip`.
- **Node.js**: Install `nvm` and provision `~/.npmrc`.
  - `--no-use` is used when loading `nvm` to reduce startup time, run `nvm use` before using `node`, `npm` or `yarn`.
- **AWS**: Install AWS CLI, provision `~/.aws/credentials` and `~/.aws/config`.

## Prerequisites

1. [Prepare SSH keys](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/SSH/OpenSSH/Keys "Ubuntu documentation on SSH.").

2. Install
[Ansible](http://docs.ansible.com/ansible/intro_installation.html "Ansible documentation on installation.") 2.3.

3. Install Git and clone this repository.

## How to Use

1. Copy `config.example/` into `config/` and update the files accordingly.

2. Run:
    ```
    $ ansible-playbook winsubplay.yml -i hosts --ask-become-pass
    ```
   There will be prompt for sudo password.

3. Restart shell or `source ~/.bashrc`.
